We'll try to do just like a half an hour meeting today and we'll try another half an hour on Friday and we'll see how it works. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to, I'm going to narrate the PowerPoints so that when you download the PowerPoints on Canvas, basically it'll be just me kind of walking
So these sessions will just go over kind of if you got questions in just the main main phase a couple times a week All right, but it's not like We're all doing anything else except kind of hanging out by our computers anyway or our funds or whatever. I hope everybody's good I hope you're not bored and I hope you're staying safe
I'm not seeing all you guys so this is kind of cool. All right, so Let's try this out. Okay, so I'm gonna start sharing my screen here and then we're gonna go In here and then see what you guys What you guys can do, right? Thank you thumbs up from some people. Yeah, good. Okay. Good. All right awesome. Here we go Who else is that? I lost out there. All right good stuff
And let's do that now. Let's go to see if you guys can't see the PowerPoint. That's gonna come up soon here. Cool. You guys got that? You kinda see the PowerPoint? All right.
Let's go with that. I want to start at the beginning. So basically, guys, it's the next 15 minutes or so. I just want to go over kind of what, kind of what we're doing here in terms of learning objectives and some other things that are going to be going on.
gonna unmute who can unmute here? Um, let's do. Um, all right, Grace, can you see what can you see what I'm doing on the screen? What's that Grace? Yeah, I can see. I am just input up. All right. Good stuff. All right, good talking to you. Hey, EGS.
I'm going to go to the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the other side of the
But people in one person is waiting, all right. Maybe that hopefully that'll let her in. Maybe instead of like a waiting room on Friday, I'll just, once you join, you're just going to get in. So I don't have to keep letting everybody in.
Most, like I said, I'm recording this too, so if you can't get in right now, you can look at it later. So let's go back and let's look at the Powerpoint here. And like I said guys, all the learning objectives remain the same, okay? You got to focus on our W's. All right, we got to get You make sure that yourself motivated. All right
going to be different. Odd in some ways, but kind of similar in other ways. I'm just trying to keep this as normal as possible. Okay. So I'm not going to be hovering over you like a vulture, like making sure you're doing stuff every single day. So you got to kind of be on your own a little bit with some of the stuff. All right. Like I said, I'm going to be narrating the PowerPoint. So you're going to have all the notes on stuff. At your
but the big thing is that you are kind of keeping up your end of the bargain on it. And it's just kind of is what it is. So basically what we're going to do is there will probably be... Here's what we want to do. We're at about getting close to the 15 minute mark for our meeting today. We're only going to be here like I said for half an hour.
Just like we do in class, take two, three minutes and just kind of jot down or write down on your notebooks and your phones or whatever you're using, note, you know, anything. When you see the word nationalism, what do you think of? Alright, so let's just do, like I said, two, three minutes on that. And like I said, it's odd and it's bizarre and you're by yourself and you're in a room
kind of imagine that you're in a classroom. It's the best way to do it. And see if anything comes to mind when you think of Nationalism. Write some things down. I want to, I'm going to stop sharing here in a minute and then we're going to use the chat feature. Okay. So, if you got some ideas, I'm going to stop sharing that right now. And if you got some,
chat feature over here on the right. Like for instance, when I think of nationalism, I think of, I think of nationalism, I think, for some reason, for me, I think of songs. All right. I think of songs, I think of national anthems. Was that a cool start? Okay, so if you guys got any other ones, use the Zoom feature over there,
And we'll see if we can't get some of these going here. Oh, it's nice seeing everybody. It really is. National flag, since a good one. Since a good one. Culture pride, my God.
These are all things I'm going to put in the PowerPoint. Okay, once we get where are we? Let's just kind of literally reset the map. Okay. Basically where we are.