You can stop me like wherever more explanation is to come. It will be like summary session. So module 4 collections is I mean all types of collections like list, stupe, dictionary sets will be using in most of the programs in the later modules. So these functionalities will be using through between glass to this.
the answers, slicing, we are seeing the last session, taking a subset of the list. It can also start negative and this from the right end, I mean instead of traversing from the left, going from the right, then you have some list methods like append or comprehend all these to discuss last class. Then in jokers, so always people have a confusion about the pronounces, tupples or tupples.
So two of us, I mean the different features or functionalities that can be applied on two of us will be to create two text slides and certain operations like on the two of us. Then dictionary, so you need to know the difference across these types, can these collection of data types. So basically I have to explain the array part, it starts with a zero index and goes still
You can be the purpose is to store multiple values in single variables and each item in the arrays for the element, the location of the element is either called as an offset or index. So array can be used to represent any basic value like characters, integers or floating point numbers.
of data values like C, A, L, H, S, E. In that case, if you want to access the first number, I mean first character, it will be out 0, with the second, 1 and so on. And working with Python array, like to use an array in the Python, we just need to import the array module.
And you have posted this please go through the syntax and how our humans are past stories. This would be the type of different type of suits within the array and the most to the next one because array is a very simple one mostly we are doing I mean we are able to accomplish
So, like when to use arrays, since lists are much more flexible than arrays and they are capable of scoring elements of different data types like heterogeneous data types. You can store a register number, your name, your marks, all along, without two different data types including strings can be stored as part of the list.
for that also you can use modules or packages like Mumpi which will be covering as part of module 7, module 8. You are comfortable with the strings since you are putting in form with any inputs I will quickly go into the slides so all the previous ones cover.